---
layout: single
title: "Aspen Coffee"
date: 2024-01-09
categories: [review, oklahoma, stillwater, college, cold brew, drip, latte]
tags: [cold brew, oklahoma, stillwater, college, cold brew, drip, latte]]
excerpt: "Aspen Coffee - Stillwater, OK"
---

# Overview
Aspen is just the kind of coffee shop you'd expect in the middle of a college town.  With multiple locations hosting various cliques, there is an Aspen Coffee for every type.  While the drip coffee is, arguably, not that great, Aspen excels in its lattes and unique drinks, like the chai-nana - a frozen chai tea beverage mixed with banana.  When I tell you that I went to Aspen every day for a muffin and drip while I was in college, I mean that I went every. single. day.  I'd say Aspen is pretty mid all around, but it's the host of some of my fondest memories.

# Ratings

## Overall Recommendation

*The best place to grab coffee in Stillwater.  Order a latte or a chai-nana (add nutella for an extra treat - tell them Respect the Grind recommended it).*

<h2>Coffee  <div class="Stars" style="--rating: 3;" aria-label="Rating of this category is 4 out of 5.">   </div></h2>

3 out of 5.  The drip is really not great, but the lattes, hot chocolate, and chai-nanas are superb. 


<h2>Aesthetic  <div class="Stars" style="--rating: 3;" aria-label="Rating of this category is 2 out of 5.">   </div></h2>

There are four unique locations in Stillwater - Hip-spen for the hipsters, Frat-spen for the Greek types, Mom-spen for the locals, and a drive thru shack for a jolt on-the-go.

<h2>Food and Pastries  <div class="Stars" style="--rating: 3;" aria-label="Rating of this category is 4 out of 5.">   </div></h2>

The food is okay.  I like the blueberry muffins and granola bars.  Definitely good enough for a college student.  


<h2>Vibes  <div class="Stars" style="--rating: 3;" aria-label="Rating of this category is 3 out of 5.">   </div></h2>

The vibe depends highly on which location you go to.  All are good for studying and meeting up with friends though.

# Links
[Website: Aspen Coffee](https://www.shopaspencoffee.com/)
